                Plexim GmbH, PLECS License Agreement

Read the terms and conditions of this agreement carefully before
installing PLECS.  This license agreement represents the entire
agreement between you (the "licensee" - either an individual or an
entity) and Plexim GmbH ("Plexim") concerning PLECS and the
accompanying user documentation.

By installing PLECS, you accept the terms of the agreement. If you are
not willing to do so, do not continue with the installation.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

The licensee may receive a full refund if within thirty days from the
date of delivery the licensee does not accept the terms and conditions
of this license, or if the licensee terminates this license for any
reason within this period.


License Grant

Plexim GmbH hereby grants to the licensee a nonexclusive license to
install and use PLECS and the accompanying documentation as
provided herein. PLECS and the documentation are, and shall at all
times remain, the property of Plexim and the licensee shall have no
right, title, or interest therein, except as expressly set forth in
this agreement.


License Options

Individual User.   PLECS may be installed and operated on one or more
individual, standalone computers, provided the program is only
accessible to, and operated by, a single licensed user designated by the
licensee. The location(s) of the standalone computers may be located at
work, home, in a laboratory, or on a laptop. Only one licensed user may
be designated by the licensee to access or use PLECS under each
individual user license. The licensee may replace the user for the
license, on a temporary or permanent basis, provided only one licensed
user is designated as the named user at any given time. An individual
user license of PLECS permits the use of PLECS in conjunction with one
single individual or group license of MATLAB.

Concurrent User.   PLECS may be installed in a central location on a
single designated network server. The licensee may have as many
licensed users simultaneously operating PLECS at any given time as the
number of concurrent licenses purchased.


Educational Use Restrictions

Academic License.   If licensed to a degree-granting institutions at an
academic discount rate PLECS is restricted to use in connection with
on-campus computing facilities that are used solely in support of
classroom instruction and research activities of students, teaching
faculty and staff, and research staff. The right to use PLECS for any
other purposes, including commercial, is expressly prohibited.


Limitation of Liability

PLECS should not be relied on as the sole basis to solve a problem
whose incorrect solution could result in injury to person or property.
If PLECS is employed in such a manner, it is at the licensee's own
risk and Plexim disclaims all liability for such misuse to the extent
allowed by law.


Limited Warranty/Limitation of Remedies

Plexim warrants that Plexim has the right to grant the license rights
hereunder. Plexim warrants that the physical media provided shall be
free from defects in material and workmanship for a period of ninety
(90) days from delivery, or it will be replaced by Plexim at no cost to
the licensee. Plexim further warrants, for a period of one (1) year from
delivery, that each copy of PLECS will conform in all material respects
to the description of its operation in the documentation. In the event
that PLECS does not operate as warranted, the licensee's exclusive
remedy and Plexim's sole liability under this warranty shall be
a) the correction or workaround by Plexim of major defects within a
   reasonable time, or
b) should such correction or workaround prove neither satisfactory nor
   practical, termination of the relevant  license and refund of the
   initial license fee paid to Plexim for PLECS.


General

To the extent any governing law, treaty, or regulation is in conflict
with this agreement, the conflicting terms of this agreement shall be
superseded only to the extent necessary by such law, treaty, or
regulation. If any provision of this agreement shall be otherwise
unlawful, void, or otherwise unenforceable, that provision shall be
enforced to the maximum extent permissible. In either case, the
remainder of this agreement shall not be affected.


3rd Party Licenses

The PLECS software installation package contains 3rd party software
that is covered by separate license agreements. See the file
onlinehelp/3rdparty.html for a list of the 3rd party software and the
respective license agreements.
